link to the correct documentation (#4123)
rmosolgo/graphql-ruby: guides/type_definitions/input_objects.md

end
```

> For a full description of the `argument(...)` method, see the {% internal_link "argument section of the Objects guide","/type_definitions/input_objects.html" %}.

Reviewer: Hmm, this link now points to the same file that the text is in. How about this one instead? 

```suggestion
For a full description of the `argument(...)` method, see the {% internal_link "argument section of the Objects guide","/fields/arguments.html" %}.
```
